Change `RSpec/ContextWording` cop to always report an offense when both `Prefixes` and `AllowedPatterns` are empty (#1982)
rubocop/rubocop-rspec: CHANGELOG.md

## Master (Unreleased)

> - Change `RSpec/ContextWording` cop to always occur offenses when both `Prefixes` and `AllowedPatterns` are empty. ([@ydah])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `RSpec/ContextWording` cop to always report an offense when both `Prefixes` and `AllowedPatterns` are empty. ([@ydah])
```
